Hackathons_2023/MadHacks-2023.md, before:

# MadHacks
 - **March 4-5, 2023** 
 - **UW Madison**
 - **Madison, Wisconsin, USA**  

## Event Summary

MadHacks is a hackathon with a long, successful history in the Madison area and has been one of the largest hackathons in the midwest. It's been sorely missed for the past three years, and came back this year for a resurgence!

## Event Metrics 

| Attendees |Computer Science/Computer Engineering Students| Projects|
|---------------:|--------------:|------------:|
|223|93.8%|[58](https://madhacks-2023.devpost.com/project-gallery)| 


### Where were your hackers from?
| USA | India | Taiwan | Other |
|---------------:|--------------:|------------:|---------:|
|91.6%|3.4%|.6%|4.4%|

93.3% of hackers go to The University of Wisconsin-Madison

## Impact of GitHub Grant
- How did you use the grant funds? <br>
- How did the funds positively affect the outcomes of your event participants? <br>
- (Be as detailed as possible! Being able to track the impact of these funds will go a long way in ensuring the program's longevity.) 

## Top Projects

- What were some of the coolest projects at your event? <br> 
- We also want to see how hackers used GitHub at the event <br>
- What made them special? _Include the link to their website, Devpost or video._

| <img src="https://i1.wp.com/tecknoworks.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/hackathon-1.png" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> A group of hackers hanging out! </b>|

| <img src="https://i1.wp.com/tecknoworks.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/hackathon-1.png" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> A group of hackers hanging out! </b>|

| <img src="https://i1.wp.com/tecknoworks.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/hackathon-1.png" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> A group of hackers hanging out! </b>|

## What’s Next?
The date for the next iteration of MadHacks has not been decided, but you can follow on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/MadHacksUW) or [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/MadHacksUW/) for updates!

Commit message:

Update top projects/funds use

Hackathons_2023/MadHacks-2023.md, after:

# MadHacks
 - **March 4-5, 2023** 
 - **UW Madison**
 - **Madison, Wisconsin, USA**  

## Event Summary

MadHacks is a hackathon with a long, successful history in the Madison area and has been one of the largest hackathons in the midwest. It's been sorely missed for the past three years, and came back this year for a resurgence!

## Event Metrics 

| Attendees |Computer Science/Computer Engineering Students| Projects|
|---------------:|--------------:|------------:|
|223|93.8%|[58](https://madhacks-2023.devpost.com/project-gallery)| 


### Where were your hackers from?
| USA | India | Taiwan | Other |
|---------------:|--------------:|------------:|---------:|
|91.6%|3.4%|.6%|4.4%|

93.3% of hackers go to The University of Wisconsin-Madison

## Impact of GitHub Grant
We used these funds to expand the amount of people we could host at our event. We focused on making MadHacks the best possible experience, and funding helped us reach our goal number of participants while offering them proper meals and accommodations. 


## Top Projects

| <img src="https://d112y698adiu2z.cloudfront.net/photos/production/software_photos/002/409/199/datas/original.png" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b>First Place - [Open Accessibility](https://devpost.com/software/open-accessibility-aei3xm) - [Check it out on GitHub](https://github.com/MaxMaeder/Open-Accessibility)! </b>|

| <img src="https://d112y698adiu2z.cloudfront.net/photos/production/software_photos/002/410/818/datas/gallery.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b>Second Place - [FitQuest](https://devpost.com/software/fitquest-un4wm8) - [Check it out on GitHub!](https://github.com/Yajurva114/FitQuest.git) </b>|

| <img src="https://d112y698adiu2z.cloudfront.net/photos/production/software_photos/002/410/177/datas/medium.png" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> Third Place - [WisGo](https://devpost.com/software/wisgo) - [Check it out on GitHub!](https://github.com/jack-rabe/madhacks23) </b>|

## What’s Next?
The date for the next iteration of MadHacks has not been decided, but you can follow on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/MadHacksUW) or [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/MadHacksUW/) for updates!
