Hackathons_2023/TechTogetherMiami-2023.md, before:

# TechTogether Miami 2023
 - **May 5-6, 2023** 
 - **Miami Dade College**
 - **Miami, Florida, USA**  

## Event Summary

- TechTogether focuses on redefining the hacker stereotype by focus on supporting marginalized genders. TechTogether events are across the US, with local organizers in each chapter forging the path for the planning and execution of the event. TechTogether Miami was at Miami Dale College, and was a weekend full of learning and creating projects that hackers were passionate about. This event was more difficult in particular due to venue rules and restrictions, but the team worked together so that hackers had the best experience they could while there. 

## Event Metrics 

| Attendees | Projects|
|---------------:|------------:|
|43|[8](https://techtogether-miami-2023.devpost.com/project-gallery)| 

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Miami%20Level%20of%20Study.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Miami%20Majors.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|

## Tech Impact / Diversity 

### Tell us about your hacker demographics
There were 2 data points here that you might be interested in. While on a surface level they are similar, I wanted to add them so those reading could see the diverse group attending this event. 

| Transgender | Non-Binary/Third-Gender | Woman | Man |
|---------------:|------------:|------------:|------------:|
|2.9%|22.9%|71.4%|2.9%|

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Miami%20Gender.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|

### What race & ethnicities did your hackers identify as?

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Miami%20Race_Ethnicity.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|

### Where were your hackers from?

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Miami%20Schools.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|

## Impact of GitHub Grant
The GitHub Education Grant helped cover the cost of food for the event. The venue had rules on where hackers could eat, and having good meals was important so that hackers were fueled over the weekend. 

## Top Projects

- What were some of the coolest projects at your event? <br> 
- We also want to see how hackers used GitHub at the event <br>
- What made them special? _Include the link to their website, Devpost or video._

## Event Photos

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/ttmiamihackerusingmicrosoft.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> A hacker using Microsoft </b>|

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/ttmiamiworkinghackers.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> Hackers working on their project </b>|

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/ttmiamiworkingspace.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> Hacking Space </b>|

## What’s Next?
- Keep up with us on socials!
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/TechtogetherM) & [Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/techtogethermiami/?hl=en)

Commit message:

Finish TechTogetherMiami-2023.md
added top projects

Hackathons_2023/TechTogetherMiami-2023.md, after:

# TechTogether Miami 2023
 - **May 5-6, 2023** 
 - **Miami Dade College**
 - **Miami, Florida, USA**  

## Event Summary

- TechTogether focuses on redefining the hacker stereotype by focus on supporting marginalized genders. TechTogether events are across the US, with local organizers in each chapter forging the path for the planning and execution of the event. TechTogether Miami was at Miami Dale College, and was a weekend full of learning and creating projects that hackers were passionate about. This event was more difficult in particular due to venue rules and restrictions, but the team worked together so that hackers had the best experience they could while there. 

## Event Metrics 

| Attendees | Projects|
|---------------:|------------:|
|43|[8](https://techtogether-miami-2023.devpost.com/project-gallery)| 

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Miami%20Level%20of%20Study.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Miami%20Majors.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|

## Tech Impact / Diversity 

### Tell us about your hacker demographics
There were 2 data points here that you might be interested in. While on a surface level they are similar, I wanted to add them so those reading could see the diverse group attending this event. 

| Transgender | Non-Binary/Third-Gender | Woman | Man |
|---------------:|------------:|------------:|------------:|
|2.9%|22.9%|71.4%|2.9%|

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Miami%20Gender.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|

### What race & ethnicities did your hackers identify as?

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Miami%20Race_Ethnicity.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|

### Where were your hackers from?

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Miami%20Schools.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|

## Impact of GitHub Grant
The GitHub Education Grant helped cover the cost of food for the event. The venue had rules on where hackers could eat, and having good meals was important so that hackers were fueled over the weekend. 

## Top Projects

| <img src="https://q9k6x7m8.stackpathcdn.com/assets/defaults/thumbnail-placeholder-42bcab8d8178b413922ae2877d8b0868.gif" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> [Nessie Bank](https://devpost.com/software/nessie-bank) - Check it out on [GitHub](https://github.com/LeanneNelson/TechTogetherNessie)! </b>|

| <img src="https://d112y698adiu2z.cloudfront.net/photos/production/software_photos/002/471/685/datas/gallery.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> [Waste-To-Wow](https://devpost.com/software/waste-to-wow) - Check it out on [GitHub](https://github.com/ChefOmarDee/waste-to-wow)! </b>|

| <img src="https://d112y698adiu2z.cloudfront.net/photos/production/software_photos/002/471/661/datas/gallery.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> [Cyber Vigilante](https://devpost.com/software/cyber-vigilante) - Check it out on [GitHub](https://github.com/miamihackathon23/cyberhack)! </b>|

## Event Photos

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/ttmiamihackerusingmicrosoft.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> A hacker using Microsoft </b>|

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/ttmiamiworkinghackers.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> Hackers working on their project </b>|

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/ttmiamiworkingspace.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> Hacking Space </b>|

## What’s Next?
- Keep up with us on socials!
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/TechtogetherM) & [Instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/techtogethermiami/?hl=en)
