Hackathons_2023/TechTogetherAtlanta-2023.md, before:

# TechTogether Atlanta 2023
 - **April 22-23, 2023** 
 - **Georgia Teach**
 - **Atlanta, Georgia, USA**  

## Event Summary

- TechTogether focuses on redefining the hacker stereotype by focus on supporting marginalized genders. TechTogether events are across the US, with local organizers in each chapter forging the path for the planning and execution of the event. TechTogether Atlanta was at Georgia Tech, and was a weekend full of learning and creating projects that hackers were passionate about. 

## Event Metrics 

| Attendees | Projects|
|---------------:|------------:|
|56|[10](https://techtogether-atlanta-2023.devpost.com/project-gallery)| 


| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Atlanta%20Level%20of%20Study.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Atlanta%20Majors.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|

## Tech Impact / Diversity 

### Tell us about your hacker demographics
There were 2 data points here that you might be interested in. While on a surface level they are similar, I wanted to add them so those reading could see the diverse group attending this event. 

| Transgender/Agender | Non-Binary/Third-Gender | Genderqueer | Woman | Man |Prefer to self-describe |
|---------------:|------------:|------------:|------------:|------------:|------------:|
|2.3%|9%|4.5%|45.5%|11.4%|2.3%| 

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Atlanta%20Gender.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|



### What race & ethnicities did your hackers identify as?
| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Atlanta%20Race_Ethnicity.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|


### Where were your hackers from?

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Atlanta%20Schools.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|


## Impact of GitHub Grant
This event had a very tight budget due to venue restrictions requiring food to be purchased from university catering. The GitHub Education Grant allowed flexibility and the ability to get a variety of healthy snack like nuts and more seltzer options instead of just soda. 

## Top Projects

- What were some of the coolest projects at your event? <br> 
- We also want to see how hackers used GitHub at the event <br>
- What made them special? _Include the link to their website, Devpost or video._

## Event Photos

- We want to see how great your event was! <br>
- Please include pictures and/or video of your event highlights! Use the format below: 

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/ttatldemo2.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> Demos! </b>|

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/ttatldemos.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> More Demos! </b>|

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/ttatlhackershacking.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> A group of hackers hacking </b>|

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/ttatlwinnersbuckethats.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> One of the winning teams! </b>|

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/ttatlwinnerswaterbottes.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> Another winning team </b>|

## What’s Next?
- Keep up with us on socials
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/techt_atlanta?lang=en) & [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/techtogetheratlanta_/?hl=en)

Commit message:

Finish TechTogetherAtlanta-2023.md
added top projects

Hackathons_2023/TechTogetherAtlanta-2023.md, after:

# TechTogether Atlanta 2023
 - **April 22-23, 2023** 
 - **Georgia Teach**
 - **Atlanta, Georgia, USA**  

## Event Summary

- TechTogether focuses on redefining the hacker stereotype by focus on supporting marginalized genders. TechTogether events are across the US, with local organizers in each chapter forging the path for the planning and execution of the event. TechTogether Atlanta was at Georgia Tech, and was a weekend full of learning and creating projects that hackers were passionate about. 

## Event Metrics 

| Attendees | Projects|
|---------------:|------------:|
|56|[10](https://techtogether-atlanta-2023.devpost.com/project-gallery)| 


| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Atlanta%20Level%20of%20Study.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Atlanta%20Majors.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|

## Tech Impact / Diversity 

### Tell us about your hacker demographics
There were 2 data points here that you might be interested in. While on a surface level they are similar, I wanted to add them so those reading could see the diverse group attending this event. 

| Transgender/Agender | Non-Binary/Third-Gender | Genderqueer | Woman | Man |Prefer to self-describe |
|---------------:|------------:|------------:|------------:|------------:|------------:|
|2.3%|9%|4.5%|45.5%|11.4%|2.3%| 

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Atlanta%20Gender.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|



### What race & ethnicities did your hackers identify as?
| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Atlanta%20Race_Ethnicity.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|


### Where were your hackers from?

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/TechTogether%20Atlanta%20Schools.png" height="auto"> |
|:--:|


## Impact of GitHub Grant
This event had a very tight budget due to venue restrictions requiring food to be purchased from university catering. The GitHub Education Grant allowed flexibility and the ability to get a variety of healthy snack like nuts and more seltzer options instead of just soda. 

## Top Projects

| <img src="https://d112y698adiu2z.cloudfront.net/photos/production/software_photos/002/462/180/datas/gallery.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> [What's Your Story](https://devpost.com/software/change-your-path-or-not) - Check it out on [GitHub](https://github.com/Simi0M0/WhatsYourStory)! </b>|

| <img src="https://d112y698adiu2z.cloudfront.net/photos/production/software_photos/002/463/572/datas/gallery.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> [FrugalFrienZ](https://devpost.com/software/frugalfrienz) - Check it out on [GitHub](https://github.com/YulduzM1/FrugalFrenzy)! </b>|

| <img src="https://d112y698adiu2z.cloudfront.net/photos/production/software_photos/002/462/094/datas/gallery.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> [weBudget](https://devpost.com/software/webudget-2g59nm) - Check it out on [GitHub](https://github.com/ArushiAggarwal/weBudget)! </b>|

## Event Photos

- We want to see how great your event was! <br>
- Please include pictures and/or video of your event highlights! Use the format below: 

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/ttatldemo2.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> Demos! </b>|

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/ttatldemos.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> More Demos! </b>|

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/ttatlhackershacking.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> A group of hackers hacking </b>|

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/ttatlwinnersbuckethats.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> One of the winning teams! </b>|

| <img src="https://github.com/MLH/GitHub-Education-Hackathon-Grant-Fund-2023/blob/main/Hackathons_2023/images/ttatlwinnerswaterbottes.jpg" width="500" height="auto"> |
|:--:|
| <b> Another winning team </b>|

## What’s Next?
- Keep up with us on socials
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/techt_atlanta?lang=en) & [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/techtogetheratlanta_/?hl=en)
